---
title: "Session 7.6"
date: 2013-03-19T14:58:36-05:00
author: Matt Keathley
draft: false
---
After the acolytes had finished conferring amongst themselves of the next course of action, they loaded up and left the Clockwork Court. Leaving the building there is a clear sense of anxiety amongst the remaining workers. It is a palpable concern that makes it clear that nothing profitable will be accomplished today. The same feeling extends upon leaving the building. The news of the governmental attack and perhaps even the death of the Judiciary has spread faster than anyone could have anticipated. But this is the sort of news that provides opportunity and danger- the kind of news that can change a world.

Fihad and the acolytes leave together along with multiple other response vehicles belonging to the Enforcers and Arbites. Along the way, Dezner and Servius make clear their desire to do some work on their own. Fihad upon hearing this states, "Perhaps you could try 'The Turning Hand' on the edge of the Commercia district. It is one of the oldest meeting houses in Sinophia and acts as a bridge between the class barrier here in Magna. Either way, the Commercia district will be the place to drop you off." Fihad makes a turn and heads to drop off the pair.

Along the way, you hear the blare of sirens in the distance and even the exchange of gunfire. Through the drizzle of rain, the smell of smoke informs you that buildings or vehicles have been set ablaze. At the edge of of the Shadow Manses an enforcer barricade has already been erected to further limit access to the section of the city. After a brief exchange with an Enforcer, they move the barricade and let your group through. Fihad takes the group to the Commercia. You pass trading houses, reclaimator yards, and moneychangers. The district is still functioning with people scattering to and fro - but with an intentionality that tells of the danger they feel. After a while, Fihad stops and states, "A few blocks south is 'The Turning Hand' - it is an extremely large building and impossible to miss. Continue South to enter the Sinks. I trust you know what you are doing, but keep your wits about you- it is a dangerous time." Dezner and Servius are deposited upon a wet and molded walkway as the rest of the group does a turn and heads down another avenue.

Tertius, Tacitus, and Fihad arrive at the Folly and enter the building to began debriefing and planning. You all proceed to the second floor to an operations room with a large map of the city spread across a round table. The atmosphere at the Folly is even more bleak and oppressive than sensed in the past, only a skeleton crew of Arbites appear to remain at the building. There are two senior level Arbitors in the room who begin detailing out the current status of the forces and current plans. "Greetings acolytes, and Adjutant Fihad. The majority of our forces have been deployed to various sites around the city to guard Imperial Facilities such as the Cathedral from what is already turning into a rising tide of disorder, looting, and violence. The backlash from this morning events have been extremely fast acting." He continues with details of numbers, formations, and priority defensive targets.

As the debriefing comes to a close, an Arbiter enters the room appearing battered and wounded. "Sirs, I have just returned from a skirmish at the wharf. The Enforcer crackdown in that sector is being met with reprisals from members of the Undertow. I would have called in the information - but my vox blocked a laswound for me." He cracks a faint smile. Fihad nods, "Thank you- please go attend to your wounds. We will need every servant of the Emperor today."

Fihad turns to the acolytes, "I fear I will be needed in quelling the temperment of the city today. If do not have further need of me, I will attend to my duties as Arbiter."